[note: this is practically verbatim from the website]

pyDDR:
a DDR clone for Python that needs a name

DISCLAIMER: This game is not guaranteed to do anything of use. If it 
decidedly blows up or does anything other than give you hours of 
amusement, I'm not responsible for any damages.

* What is pyDDR?

  PyDDR is my solution to there being no DDR clone for Linux. Although 
  Python code runs on many architectures, and PyGame code also runs on 
  multiple platforms as well, it seems to be especially well suited on 
  Linux boxen, so with my PC DDR mat, I set out on my quest....

  PyDDR is also something to help me learn Python, which so far kicks a 
  lot of ass for an interpreted programming language.

  As a side note, pyDDR has nothing to do with your Double Datarate RAM.

* What the hell is this DDR thing you keep referring to?

  DDR stands for Dance Dance Revolution, a game that's slowly earning 
  popularity in the states, but is tremendously popular in Asian 
  countries. The game idea is simple. There's a mat with four directional 
  arrows you can step on, and the game scrolls arrows up the screen while 
  playing a song. When the arrows reach the top of the screen (not sooner 
  and not later, since they pass over stationary arrows), you hit the 
  corresponding arrow on the pad, and given that you hit it on time with 
  the beat, you score points. The idea is that the game is supposed to 
  either teach you to dance, or simulate dancing. Works to a degree. =] 
  More DDR info is at http://ddrfreak.com

* What do I need to play?

  Aside from a mat, a brain, and an itch to twitch more than just your 
  fingers, you'll need working installations of:

    * Python 2.1 (?) or higher: get at http://python.org
    * Pygame 1.4.9 or higher: get at http://pygame.org
    * All of the pygame dependencies (I know this is a pain in the ass, 
      but SDL and most of its libs are standard, and Numeric is good to 
      have around, as is SMPEG)

  PyDDR runs on Linux boxes, as this is the development platform. I have 
  successfully been able to run it on win9x boxes as well, and there are 
  reports of pyDDR running on NT. I don't have any framerates for any 
  win boxen, but if you get em, send em in. Some current samples:

  me: Athlon/700, 256M, MGA G400, Linux 2.4.14. SDL 1.2.2, 
  Python 2.1.1. ~ 170fps without mat, ~ 60 fps with mat

  CrashChaos: Athlon/1200, 512M, TNT2, Linux 2.4.9, 
  SDL 1.2.2, Python 2.1. ~ 110fps

  Intention: P2/400, 128M, ATI RagePro, Linux 2.4.8, 
  SDL 1.2.2, Python 2.1.1. ~ 40fps

  Chris: Athlon/1000, 160M, GeForce 2, Linux 2.4.5, 
  SDL 1.2.1, Python 2.1.1. ~ 80fps


GIVE TO ME THE PROGRAM$%#@!

  New releases should always be available at:

  http://clickass.org/~tgz/pyddr/

  If you're reading this, you have the source tarball and you seem to 
  have been able to untar it..

  You do not need to be root to play. No installation is required. Untar 
  and run pyddr.py with either:

  $ python ./pyddr.py

  or

  $ ./pyddr.py

* I'm scared, I've never played DDR before. 

  This is really easy. I promise. Once you start, arrows are going to 
  start scrolling up the screen. When the colored arrow passes over the 
  stationary arrow at the top, press the corresponding arrow. THIS IS NOT 
  A RACE and the idea is to hit the arrows ON BEAT. Don't step on every 
  arrow you see.

  IF YOU ARE PLAYING WITH THE KEYBOARD, hitting arrows means just that, 
  you press the arrow keys.

  IF YOU HAVE A MAT, make sure it's plugged in, and that you've got it set 
  up for your OS. I do NOT know how windows boxes will handle mats. 
  Currently in Linux 2.4, this should be sufficient:

  # modprobe gamecon gc=0,7

  or try the new included ddr mat module (new improved better faster!):

  # insmod ddrmat.o gc=0,7

  Now the one thing I regretfully report; if you use gamecon, you must 
  turn your mat 45 degrees counter-clockwise so that the up arrow is 
  pointing forward/left  and your mat is pointed like a diamond. Now, 
  instead of dancing on the arrows, dance on the buttons -- with my topway 
  mat it's now like this:
  
  X - Left      O - Up      triangle - down      square - right

  I'm sorry the mat detection is clunky; if you have any 6 axis 12 button 
  joysticks, pyDDR may think this is your mat and you should unplug them.

* Where do I report bugs?

  Please let me know if:
  - you managed to get the game to run on any obscure platform,
    or with especially old libraries.
  - you have an OS and framerate for an unlisted OS
  - you have a strange oddball problem that makes pyDDR not run at all
    (PLEASE check to make sure you have ALL the pygame dependencies!)
    (I know getting pyDDR to work in win is a pain, I'm working on this)
  - you have some other problem with pyDDR that I claim to have fixed
  - you have an idea on how to improve pyDDR that I haven't thought of
  - you can code in python and want to help me improve pyDDR

  Please do not contact me if:
  - you haven't installed pygame properly and need help (I hang out in 
    #pygame on irc.openprojects.net and we can help you there)
  - you want a feature of pyDDR that I already plan on implementing
    (in other words, I don't want to hear from 10 people that I need hold 
    arrows and BPM changes - read pyddr.txt for my notes)
  - all you can tell me is "it doesn't work" (I need details to help)

  You can send me an email at tgz at orotech dot net - do be sure to 
  substitute the proper marks where they go or I will not get any email. =]

  You may have a lot of luck jumping on irc.openprojects.net and joining 
  #pyDDR - my nickname is P2E.

* Oh, so I don't get a screenshot?

  Try running the game. It's better than an animated GIF. Or maybe it 
  isn't..
